[d3m.primitives]
clustering.k_means.DistilKMeans = distil.primitives.k_means:KMeansPrimitive
data_transformation.column_parser.DistilSimpleColumnParser = distil.primitives.simple_column_parser:SimpleColumnParserPrimitive
data_transformation.community_detection.DistilCommunityDetection = distil.primitives.community_detection:DistilCommunityDetectionPrimitive
data_transformation.data_cleaning.DistilAudioDatasetLoader = distil.primitives.audio_loader:AudioDatasetLoaderPrimitive
data_transformation.data_cleaning.DistilEnrichDates = distil.primitives.enrich_dates:EnrichDatesPrimitive
data_transformation.data_cleaning.DistilRaggedDatasetLoader = distil.primitives.ragged_dataset_loader:RaggedDatasetLoaderPrimitive
data_transformation.data_cleaning.DistilReplaceSingletons = distil.primitives.replace_singletons:ReplaceSingletonsPrimitive
data_transformation.data_cleaning.DistilTimeSeriesReshaper = distil.primitives.timeseries_reshaper:TimeSeriesReshaperPrimitive
data_transformation.encoder.DistilAudioTransfer = distil.primitives.audio_transfer:AudioTransferPrimitive
data_transformation.encoder.DistilBinaryEncoder = distil.primitives.binary_encoder:BinaryEncoderPrimitive
data_transformation.encoder.DistilImageTransfer = distil.primitives.image_transfer:ImageTransferPrimitive
data_transformation.encoder.DistilTextClassifier = distil.primitives.text_classifier:TextClassifierPrimitive
data_transformation.encoder.DistilTextEncoder = distil.primitives.text_encoder:TextEncoderPrimitive
data_transformation.encoder.DistilTextReader = distil.primitives.text_reader:TextReaderPrimitive
data_transformation.imputer.DistilCategoricalImputer = distil.primitives.categorical_imputer:CategoricalImputerPrimitive
data_transformation.link_prediction.DistilLinkPrediction = distil.primitives.link_prediction:DistilLinkPredictionPrimitive
data_transformation.load_graphs.DistilGraphLoader = distil.primitives.load_graphs:DistilGraphLoaderPrimitive
data_transformation.load_single_graph.DistilSingleGraphLoader = distil.primitives.load_single_graph:DistilSingleGraphLoaderPrimitive
data_transformation.missing_indicator.DistilMissingIndicator = distil.primitives.missing_indicator:MissingIndicatorPrimitive
data_transformation.one_hot_encoder.DistilOneHotEncoder = distil.primitives.one_hot_encoder:OneHotEncoderPrimitive
data_transformation.seeded_graph_matcher.DistilSeededGraphMatcher = distil.primitives.seeded_graph_matcher:DistilSeededGraphMatchingPrimitive
data_transformation.vertex_nomination.DistilVertexNomination = distil.primitives.vertex_nomination:DistilVertexNominationPrimitive
learner.bert_classification.DistilBertClassification = distil.primitives.bert_classification:BertClassificationPrimitive
learner.collaborative_filtering_link_prediction.DistilCollaborativeFiltering = distil.primitives.collaborative_filtering:CollaborativeFilteringPrimitive
learner.random_forest.DistilEnsembleForest = distil.primitives.ensemble_forest:EnsembleForestPrimitive
learner.random_forest.DistilEnsembleForestOld = distil.primitives.ensemble_forest_old:EnsembleForestOldPrimitive
learner.random_forest.DistilTimeSeriesNeighboursPrimitive = distil.primitives.timeseries_neighbours:TimeSeriesNeighboursPrimitive

